Explain csp facade in docu (#105)
oemof/oemof-thermal: docs/concentrating_solar_power.rst

    ========================= =================================================== ===========

Usage
_____

> It is possible to use the precalculation function to calculate the values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to use the precalculation function to calculate the collector values
```

:math:`\dot Q_{coll}`, :math:`\eta_C` and :math:`E_{coll}`. Or it is possible

> to use the ParabolicTroughCollector facade to model a collcector with further

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to use the ParabolicTroughCollector facade to model a collector with further
```

> losses (e.g. in pipes or pumps) and the electrical consumption of pipes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
losses (e.g. in pipes or pumps) and the electrical consumption of pipes within a single step.
```

> Please note: As the unit for the input irradiance is given as power per area,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please note: As the unit of the input irradiance is given as power per area,
```

the outputs :math:`\dot Q_{coll}` and :math:`E_{coll}` are given in the same

> unit. If this values should be used in an oemof source, the unit of the nominal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
unit. If these values are used in an oemof source, the unit of the nominal
```

> value mus be an area too.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
value must be an area too.
```

> precalculation function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Precalculation function
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Please see the :ref:`api of the concentrating_solar_power module <api_label>`

> for all parameters which have to be provided, also the ones which are not part

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for all parameters which have to be provided, also the ones that are not part
```

of the described formulas above.
The data for ambient temperature and irradiance must have the same time index.
Depending on the method, the irradiance must be the horizontal direct
irradiance or the direct normal irradiance. Be aware of the correct time index

> regarding the time zone, as the utilized pv lib need the correct time stamp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
regarding the time zone, as the utilized pvlib need the correct time stamp
```

   :alt: compare_collector_heat_method1.png
   :align: center

The results of this precalculation can be used in an oemof energy system model

> as an input for a source. To model the behaviour of a collector, it can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as output of a source component. To model the behaviour of a collector, it can be
```

complemented with a transformer, which holds the electrical consumption of pumps

> and peripheral heat losses (see the the example csp_plant_collector).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and peripheral heat losses (see the the example csp_plant_collector.py).
```

ParabolicTroughCollector facade
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Instead of using the precalculation, it is possible to use the
ParabolicTroughCollector facade, which will create an oemof component as a representative for the collector. It calculates the heat of the collector in the same

> way as the precalculation do. Additionally, it integrates this heat as an input

Reviewer: ```suggestion
way as the precalculation do. Additionally, it integrates the calculated heat as an input
```

into a component, uses an electrical input for pumps and gives a heat output,
which is reduced by the defined additional losses.
As given in the example, further parameters are required in addition to the
ones of the precalculation. Please see the
:ref:`api reference for the facade module <api_label>` for all parameters which
have to be provided.

> See example_csp_facade.py for an application example. It models the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion

See example_csp_facade.py for an application example. It models the same
```

> system as the csp_plant_example, but uses the ParabolicTroughCollector facade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
system as the csp_plant_example.py, but uses the ParabolicTroughCollector facade
```

> instead of a separate source and transformer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instead of separate source and transformer.
```

   :alt: compare_collector_heat_method1.png
   :align: center

The results of this precalculation can be used in an oemof energy system model
as an input for a source. To model the behaviour of a collector, it can be

> coplemented with a transformer, which holds the electrical consumption of pumps

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
complemented with a transformer, which holds the electrical consumption of pumps
```

> and peripheral heat losses (see the the example "csp_plant_collector).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and peripheral heat losses (see the the example csp_plant_collector).
```

ParabolicTroughCollector facade
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Instead of using the precalculation, it is possible to use the

> ParabolicTroughCollector facade, which will create an oemof component, which
> represent the collector. It calculates the heat of the collector in the same

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ParabolicTroughCollector facade, which will create an oemof component as a representative for the collector. It calculates the heat of the collector in the same
```

> way as the precalculation do. Additional, it integrates this heat as an input

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
way as the precalculation do. Additionaly, it integrates this heat as an input
```

Author: ```suggestion
way as the precalculation do. Additionally, it integrates this heat as an input
```

into a component, uses an electrical input for pumps and gives a heat output,
which is reduced by the defined additional losses.

> As given in the example, additional parameters are required in addition to the
> parameters for the precalculation. Please see the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As given in the example, further parameters are required in addition to the
ones of the precalculation. Please see the
```

:ref:`api reference for the facade module <api_label>` for all parameters which
have to be provided.

> See example example_csp_facade.py for application example. It models the same

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See example_csp_facade.py for an application example. It models the same
```
